Feature/adding log export tutorial (#223)
ausaccessfed/dev-portal: docs/_exporting-identity-provider-logs/02-via-ui.md

---
title: Via UI
order: 2
duration: 1
last_updated: 15 April, 2026
---

If you have not done so already, please [log in to Federation Manager](/log-into-federation-manager/01-overview) to get started.
{: .callout-info }

> - Then visit the identity provider you would like to export the logs of choose the start and end date and click export.

Reviewer: Correct me if wrong please 

```suggestion
- Then navigate to your identity provider which logs you would  like exported. Choose the desired data range and click export. You will receive an email and notification once your export is ready to download.
```

![Log Export UI](/assets/images/exporting-identity-provider-logs/identity-provider-log-export-ui.png)

> - Please note, depending on the date range this can take some time, once its completed you will get a notification via email and in the federation manager portal with a link to your logs.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Please note, depending on the date range this can take some time. Please contact us if your report never arrives
```
